Hello, everyone, I am a target of your
installed dotcom and in this video they
I'm going to show you how donuts are made
Colombian donuts are made with a
cheese called costeño cheese that only
get in colombia '
then in this recipe we are going to use
fresh cheese and feta cheese all
ingredients with the measures are
available in sweet and salty dotcom
First let's mix all
ingredients
we start with the fresh cheese
the feta cheese
cornstarch
iuc flour or cassava starch
sugar
and then we make a little eye to add
the eggs
we mix them well with all
ingredients
and then add a little salt
we keep mixing
then we add butter
and finally baking powder
we continue mixing so that the dough is
soft and ready to form the fritters
If the dough is too dry they can add
a little warm milk
and now we are ready to put together
fritters
we take a little bit of dough and we do
small balls
you can also make sticks like
did the grandmothers
when all the handkerchiefs are formed
we can fry them
to fry the donuts we need
preheat the oil to 325 degrees
we add slowly
and we let them get brown
while they float in the oil
we cry for 20 to 25 minutes or until
they are well golden
ah
when they are ready, we take them out
oil and we put them to drain in a
dish with paper or kitchen paper
absorbent
and as usual the Christmas
fritters are served with the custard
colombian
They can also be used at the time of
breakfast or as an appetizer
and that's all they need to
make Colombian donuts
please visit your dotcom winged iris
so that they see the list of all the
ingredients
thank you very much for watching this video and
I hope to see you in the next chao